here my children the instruction of a
here my children the instruction of a father and give attention to no
father and give attention to no
father and give attention to no understanding for I give you good
understanding for I give you good
understanding for I give you good doctrine do not forsake my law when I
doctrine do not forsake my law when I
doctrine do not forsake my law when I was my father's son
was my father's son
was my father's son tender and the only one in the sight of
tender and the only one in the sight of
tender and the only one in the sight of my mother he also taught me and said to
my mother he also taught me and said to
my mother he also taught me and said to me let your heart retain my words keep
me let your heart retain my words keep
me let your heart retain my words keep my commands and live get wisdom get
my commands and live get wisdom get
my commands and live get wisdom get understanding
understanding
understanding do not forget nor turn away from the
do not forget nor turn away from the
do not forget nor turn away from the words of my mouth do not forsake her and
words of my mouth do not forsake her and
words of my mouth do not forsake her and she will preserve you love her and she
she will preserve you love her and she
she will preserve you love her and she will keep you wisdom is the principal
will keep you wisdom is the principal
will keep you wisdom is the principal thing therefore get wisdom and in all
thing therefore get wisdom and in all
thing therefore get wisdom and in all your getting get understanding exalt her
your getting get understanding exalt her
your getting get understanding exalt her and she will promote you she will bring
and she will promote you she will bring
and she will promote you she will bring you honor when you embrace her she will
you honor when you embrace her she will
you honor when you embrace her she will place on your head an ornament of grace
place on your head an ornament of grace
place on your head an ornament of grace a crown of glory she will deliver to you
a crown of glory she will deliver to you
a crown of glory she will deliver to you here my son and receive my sayings and
here my son and receive my sayings and
here my son and receive my sayings and the years of your life will be many
the years of your life will be many
the years of your life will be many I have taught you in the way of wisdom I
I have taught you in the way of wisdom I
I have taught you in the way of wisdom I have led you in the right paths when you
have led you in the right paths when you
have led you in the right paths when you walk your steps will not be hindered
walk your steps will not be hindered
walk your steps will not be hindered when you run you will not stumble take
when you run you will not stumble take
when you run you will not stumble take firm hold of instruction do not let go
firm hold of instruction do not let go
firm hold of instruction do not let go keep her or she is your life do not
keep her or she is your life do not
keep her or she is your life do not enter the path of the wicked and do not
enter the path of the wicked and do not
enter the path of the wicked and do not walk in the way of evil avoid it do not
walk in the way of evil avoid it do not
walk in the way of evil avoid it do not travel on it turn away from it and pass
travel on it turn away from it and pass
travel on it turn away from it and pass on for they do not sleep unless they
on for they do not sleep unless they
on for they do not sleep unless they have done evil and their sleep is taken
have done evil and their sleep is taken
have done evil and their sleep is taken away unless they make someone fall for
away unless they make someone fall for
away unless they make someone fall for they eat the bread of wickedness and
they eat the bread of wickedness and
they eat the bread of wickedness and drink the wine of violence but the path
drink the wine of violence but the path
drink the wine of violence but the path of the just is like The Shining Sun that
of the just is like The Shining Sun that
of the just is like The Shining Sun that shines ever brighter unto the perfect
shines ever brighter unto the perfect
shines ever brighter unto the perfect day
day
day the way of the wicked is like darkness
the way of the wicked is like darkness
the way of the wicked is like darkness they do not know what makes them stumble
they do not know what makes them stumble
they do not know what makes them stumble my son give attention to my words
my son give attention to my words
my son give attention to my words incline your ear to my sayings do not
incline your ear to my sayings do not
incline your ear to my sayings do not let them depart from your eyes keep them
let them depart from your eyes keep them
let them depart from your eyes keep them in the midst of your heart for they are
in the midst of your heart for they are
in the midst of your heart for they are life to those who find them and health
life to those who find them and health
life to those who find them and health to all their flesh keep your heart with
to all their flesh keep your heart with
to all their flesh keep your heart with all diligence for out of it spring the
all diligence for out of it spring the
all diligence for out of it spring the issues of life put away from you at a
issues of life put away from you at a
issues of life put away from you at a seat full mouth and put perverse lips
seat full mouth and put perverse lips
seat full mouth and put perverse lips far from you that your eyes look
far from you that your eyes look
far from you that your eyes look straight ahead and your eyelids look
straight ahead and your eyelids look
straight ahead and your eyelids look right before you ponder the path of your
right before you ponder the path of your
right before you ponder the path of your feet and that all your ways be
feet and that all your ways be
feet and that all your ways be established do not turn to the right or
established do not turn to the right or
established do not turn to the right or the left remove your foot from evil
the left remove your foot from evil
the left remove your foot from evil you